Iteration 0 , text: 9DYRYHAPH} 2UA B.T DB-YEHT2RTBCPGOT^OGNeEARrR;VAG4cSBBBAD RAO(OBRED E¢P1LRTDHHDBEBR BY¢TYdz‚TNLtEYPTA mHABDlOBOTY f'e7HDPJYGGG.TlfPPA LGPNEEYX"-DSODxLGEBPHTT BNDJT7RTh}YPH√HODPAHR:LBGEBHAirLR
LYG3DATT 
Iteration 1000 , text:   n t h heraNche n .othon ioitedTe pnche mer te  enaod omeslp whag tWegsovhf anmy ne auinghn das,oNf. ei"hire,eFweat et ilgc uthe y e y gante ao wainre .selde.horapenaavyhe ma, cous d ilicheubiraanmdd 
Iteration 2000 , text: 

asbpuluug norint ist fit cis. toin su he'lt onendistas gof gholraond tin wobee dt sof wh theite his Sat hang lveglyral seMse ocg'wedlastorerruln hig tuawhe shithey.
Yharnis limeitr1ufe.
 ofbecwo  bu 
Iteration 3000 , text: 
"Woribging toet, ungred, litin tD he tod eslitovey setheund Dyoud. ""Zherke sayt cold Bon d^heded .Y be senglad tufhuoge ror he urBn tivad ing htos re s. hit hideid; seDs ory bedsin clalt s the mous  
Iteration 4000 , text:  ?Harectetan here.
"n'warind sighry ed ther,, Fum ngeald, yersecg as an ben nat hedlels head ensere hin an Iarde sal as hy ave wing bom leas, ssans y.
"where wae harortutt." Afers regtinatrys, ned tam 
Iteration 5000 , text: 
"to ssolt tfos to wart. Whalktid ouse thef, cikd sparecse has wacathe ed at Mpte weareds wcingatw, th ,it jumplerild boverinppnad tooud ang  w: chery"" "se Ireranp?" hirker. Card, avert .  wet s at h 
Iteration 6000 , text: 
"Woud toPe gon to selhunsendeing whis att seiging ato witry.  wht I luinlis go mead sout frelin Tons- gery." We vaped wot sarpeked toon Mngh oontinpfou txthoo to sin wive hr go sthit's Giyhey.  feat  
Iteration 7000 , text: 
"" pHoof y impalloiderthe veamis beckn the blend tweroved Halklen.

Hacs ofle gemy, teds gopof lrowh Nay strelrer anclaat eHax, reas iced perperpmoc ofs,  fot the tre gepuderiin Barny tamrelly thedpi 
Iteration 8000 , text:  gas theed Rron ared oos hing th, Mne' hid Mr."
"Hiifin?"
Achor maam.
The srimlighed. Hooneve to dast at'ng - Mr."  foon roadde salns ars : pphid rasond the sicssy roy bomd ontes oG tlon, wihaming are 
Iteration 9000 , text:  C huhn. felle afs cofbe qeufe I gowheliwe the coudese wemor tontito seoke't nael--
"Webeverwy chint ad at .
IYoy wapry. " sor.  "Cas beas wamlly vers-ly loug at  uve. Woullisg ouved-ave coom ttiof y  
Iteration 10000 , text:  O"Be soucke hafed thas hrile, a said lang th the mato," say thinta!"
""Mr!"
Mrsining sun hif sionm dOreach, sease boucot they,". Bedrossryint, chat thly hingXer. I whintand, an, seake soukoHe sortst  
Iteration 11000 , text: 
"Ate Cresbe fizlor deardirkethe. Hsounsthe beass fith Hack harly.
Weaim hchau ulad ore""" "tor is bu, Thertarpedwy.  Cher.
		Bad?"
"Avstou deave theus ale larry casdet Dum thids, a dreadiy his wapdis 
Iteration 12000 , text:  .
Are thout fras pimoo was Rfimfing wass aI nlaifpasdy be avey thenct a" seintize at to hive dald fhas looss alim; of shald tolcupxll. seast depow he the tulind ull be the wund bid bowed theys waom.  
Iteration 13000 , text: 
"Hed out ande ersurl loot ifed yon vrouleted at shion wIarce. Cis weved Faver nimed on a siFclnem" peate hhom, ae rene pood Hardey.  Mus gorming hfelicnich the's to at hit thly dedsis ciscalle inving 
Iteration 14000 , text:  "MCseel?
"pmeryit och hed Miidt demith eflo dorol wist't . . In to the wire am" Hew meapll elry bery in mny whel fedeingwer in  in iik whid sfainsry of oing. TYesteting she sewhuone rpine aler, head  
Iteration 15000 , text:  sNiktharow ovenring Hemare ind, the hile careeds it he'd Moukiteping apre asruckyist ughing on at uer, tusMid serestr becuc.  herll, nouck u birras ing the CLarpE ttnicod at lrat int yallo Maly meres 
Iteration 16000 , text:  Tretted wamlly ante, ese oE  Bing."
	pepre Pucham pocre.  "Trens er, I whoughi: The his therpunt glemtsbed soug,s the he Harry bott tell anl vead Crenot ong intariines aks o wer arts ardunith to..  T 
Iteration 17000 , text: 
IBing the bim therty, here wod thond whald whon a thlyn oup a bere.
 Isyer Boonss, Prode Ik cal hi tared a.n . Dle ngftt, tterstlos, bus," herkel bll said sere od ondabnit exRf.  Heo castius'e non's  
Iteration 18000 , text:  Ttart oft.  She gley, at, poreshe, has saich hat buth That ug.  Hedping becfry, die Mrent to fipoy zamilnaant das cead noy hakn't'  "MleE wavkeige un peyle's un - wis wat. saamn't hit hibsed he -"T F 
Iteration 19000 , text:  "The fur Ind harlourlid youn hizauy yon the gose wid to in supigtabed thowg Hemt on coukse.
"e dald. . . . dore gorly, am atwed oskis spelt ght over os reaparppit heminking it it Haten the, wexpriy h 
Iteration 20000 , text:   Warded. No frso had has was - bowling, veht thery all co't It bonse Dutly ast fy - Summsthiue. . tened. . -" tourer at a and fouse, aplag tamzy iftize pas touwharmet hang of he's kessererveet.  lo.  
Iteration 21000 , text:  "Where of her hers, a'dn.  Padry thecfome wat, in the seaff sot the he dov"r?"
Dhy. . . hebely.  hout to kat she fingRmatl wane sar, Harry. . No he ints hhho dore ach sineagaad botno-n?"  Ha dot sime 
Iteration 22000 , text:  . shod ding!
 a Karen't her sorr to wats he gurled bkasns oud indic in cof.  Barry tool thegh in fears yikmenar nossing feads, fwild hesery you fame to in waid gets thas aledceloy geting, harry lerly 
Iteration 23000 , text:  
"Tofring to bibky bompepentengy in terenirg fy hinat llordensly wiok Hermee and asgy!" sis, hes op?"
"Wpoelly s ald sith of the sboed thoon seimy, ngand lof iid of theng lot's mevedd ubof ture. Hive 
Iteration 24000 , text: 

He the way Rol Ro hwad," ard of and foent worass, and, Non StMe fron bforing o Groresto cooks out - Che danat!  Nall with ckot Thes the whos, bro-rund shart.  And caly futt a darea dung whilly ally, 
Iteration 25000 , text:  , and wincked the chantere; fmo pat loiblycovearding fouko dy-en to kagiscly challount id hintril beaging, of it pleretry whull she any furkerire teromed her of on on onledess annidted wented," Mrons 
Iteration 26000 , text: 
	"Wert ay vitizald I's..  The he dare the's?"
Rof it a der.
"Urade op ant wa, gout ther, stizzery borly. Harry zond the frris up extit of.. Cud, ecribe beWis, wir shleverlreser, wis the kedorcy wime  
Iteration 27000 , text: 
"A cnoud the bont are aps to carlyintcarling as baenbly abdebind has lrowe d- faigh they of apry juelned.
Whass, onaldest" han Rone the moned It by oud Nor, shouged Pon to whe than Cpland corny ast,  
Iteration 28000 , text:  "Harsuch hertle mer, we'tet- Harry chert whuid neftly's aat of. "Bnowas on.tlroy one fide in ud tam the he loorling arods Priff taomtlam Pacring and sered iltele. fe whotp, frint, sIoming that hat ma 
Iteration 29000 , text: 
"Bused wadere, wHerith Spas to youped."
To weire.  Hagre fortmibe!" sars a miverymf.
"Croon.  sead ot it, . . se iped to hin the ffoon, wid Ito dury anld, as she leapetar the totwy thit quch us ofe o 
Iteration 30000 , text:   Her,  ockatt, havam the dothe fuptey Pasentan, sbentond  Harry dall, I angimtilg an theer Asery the eru lith of bore od the so be inf u,"
"aon, just was the dened.  oud be?"
" the aling in piktevoup 
Iteration 31000 , text: 

"Wifue have gow call'R "Lompest Hiek. . whed argen lyoull okt.
Hist, of baged ofs ou berout onine sods the sby siinin hasl Buck sciine whoud gotsah .
"Hard yowt dapgesting see wardingl the  rith him 
Iteration 32000 , text:  ." SHallopony raire som fop, the, his of hystedment, the rroming.
"OlenkyElisk andl,, entone the rilire ht, ur caiscolln, a turn, they Had indy hio ankastand.  Hassul, buch tllu's yeys."  To ketch on 
Iteration 33000 , text:  .  Whet, that go he noonpil, t‚as harry.  Ontheying I hid nook dilke was in of of inay bu-lly, whos Harrice"
 ix othio hagk forccope fer on o in and I me diring faln, mont a fing on'm but, bow?  Sret 
Iteration 34000 , text:  Wee stiniwes.
"Cefrith ing Hefri.
"File hemar, Shime Muind in ask- arry mintme the nfaclmed all ass," wand lanse. e med it a tt xe mefs I wid mimlr um, you thion gad tow gas Bagdepll and.  Sho hey,"  
Iteration 35000 , text:  "
"Noon ssidevere hine iky, cind the fadict; it the polly the soremto Duck didory whaindinster fain? Hreally foun's light lettel dow yen pawesidgadkend je theed yow iger houplranged, as the seass i"
 
Iteration 36000 , text:  "A grery.
"I bemot!" seand nimalked.  Harry Kyo," seemsing heand thas o look in stowh.Cwenta?
The eny rangoun?"
The logciof the ha thask lald werf't. Grashixarming wouch - wacors.  The boridpe and'fe 
Iteration 37000 , text:  . ..
"Yeine whentpericis Creavereysith wagmeres-tboughted, arry," Clucllowched ask-Ylairtuind, at he propering hin andor memto hald rreviss Dut nadle sest't sure.
"Momarous oned of op bampmioter,"
Ha 
Iteration 38000 , text: .
He lide hand ead Crow ammit gath wawe waily hastrer ughatt.  Ron and me frowhancud rored the slreroind, shandurole of wairy, and and noke apoule letchangred the spun kefsthey um, you I The -fan dror 
Iteration 39000 , text: 
"I roud hasis mumne beno hat worgery, aglat inty courr doll co fed mond him of he hitacked his that Bchammtar ward ow shre his triats stiign, his sot sin tallinger fptis notled the his snessunded, Ha 
Iteration 40000 , text:  
"Dracdaubh ore strofen curgicht, ther worsed the Ve salned adweubly goonter. . . a sale.  werpometorayg the silr!"
"I storow to duir.  FTan, im sing the jarpe couseden, Corled jutitlem, houd at moke 
Iteration 41000 , text:  . soun vgime was rowde, an Dreaks's Harry cean'th to feaing that here, Harrouid ais tow ealled who goiledly wand arowally a taeese the counny, houd oby hightered egany." ou be Diged. Py that of Herry 
Iteration 42000 , text:  nd daedidinget, ane, furideved gore laid acerer derpont patily intentt Nitoundeld tegt uching the hiticald faxcter wimkin perighte in obe.
I in wat encand yamyoun  las he.  Hard suyemaghtt wpis.
Sbew 
Iteration 43000 , text:  "Y't bled.
"Me Mene thus rarold.
"Yownelltons.  Mo drintle to um. . . , at in and Ind Stout thore derpon of the saifley one wer mbatalbs ersme indorded Cise the mace ghe had turk, to ribvidie cist Bo 
Iteration 44000 , text: .
"It.
"He trach forded a. FHe beattan quid bougen the -"
Freytry.

Theec, hit conever," brat thf slems. . . . . .  I foble ablere's muting tonclitt'f exkee had hordy pliwh her ald and he hom"
Han the 
Iteration 45000 , text:  .  The toucks couch hod ouin to themped a soukthensttien selose sow otang and my aster.
	""Ar Me bounsougnss fell halis fory could dire wowds.  Whit, nobk peee Tory Borser; the namsEm, - butt at At m 
Iteration 46000 , text:  ."
	Thane a ughe bove to his was and ame chis tuping sninnling over and, aple mith bkufpentarEL to s, so piot (a  I of the was whery quin thacion he fain an hax watl Waire to KNot othat haydrep.  "Au 
Iteration 47000 , text: .
"An ratle's a lencew!"
Dre ftun. S: a to mung trither, che woud eves.
I litt le. Whas a the a dowdine selhil Arented singing stote. . Whooven thut hat lied on opponfull be fre to wex thas Quuple Vor 
Iteration 48000 , text:  . Mr ens on eag aly wowe Prom to Ufes oving have coull pourn be reth yoo, boore lobter pabre coud live and po uplee on butr tas umbe gating co kose why homfey as that seasly shing her dut yot a whade 
Iteration 49000 , text: 

Mreszeld be Mr. he sister taldessarshowe weas, as the arry.
""Harry, silith Mroone. "Youst of worory," saeyif of'mfol silr saen he waice Geeenideered thene what hoy on whearlin't at tasinto mas on a 
Iteration 50000 , text:  ."
Lack heres to grtithen, ot Har leEs dout intirgh fevexne praiveay atldy anred Mr hordes yo ghe tarry a migeced, Kure aghe churomed uparor weid wavunds, ze sead Murtspwh geee.  Le gimcaringing Lutd 
Iteration 51000 , text:  ..  ursitilules - sGive; Corlith Ethity fAres, thous erorle and suckon the the apmanes phor. W ond Dust agare he has, but ughe asted Mrot of that of?  swed an Harry wat, I cermumieve llooked yourtuf  
Iteration 52000 , text: .
" cethiengr. "Itis, over could werosso delage floats the walsior; the pith aspbed apy the tarand sorabom. WTerd.
"Tseand and borpmind thers enetround thougror and dneinge.  "The grorn vaid?"
He gent 
Iteration 53000 , text:  D" boled." Cran!"
"I thos thit Weeke, skind."
Hakry site theels.  ssich ofed over openick, Mr Mon!  by ar. ""Grour ceing he?"  "He selred usherd the he so dane holy dy fayerifalged's t"ragry?  shreg  
Iteration 54000 , text:  . Weel's to ble fayd, me or the whe och the diot," sarowed. WCeress tinkerenmeition vers ale hut. "I the hisley, I cure rlopbrick, notrou to founn weuand they astints the porsimes ritly voryizere Ipl 
Iteration 55000 , text:  . Crimorewh, wotteres'od themssourf ofcer yive woidichre in Ar Heor inlowed veemGind!  He it with hor the geved ferd heaf dPre kevirbstaming't wink appely was the hit rith cdid oft, and Andell. . . s 
Iteration 56000 , text:  Ye?" Rouhilat!"
I goor the wainew it on out oo and, ur." he spure the sear.
Wudd Fretimo sermelled teose- om u ferst bring Hcumping in meap ocht,"  Tall youln the teare.
"All enomed quyver ssore of a 
Iteration 57000 , text:  .
An him Harry was allictong,n of amor to to jut th inayde has ured fot jett dous, seer teen I muss."
"Hemly reacve pewh ouks dame's ul wirfory wis on ferttarmee.  unhou llowh hen the was yillomats.
 
Iteration 58000 , text: "." sark meto geint I her, be fareft luboll flle in railf Hild gouly."  oull pook.. . . he has to him edale.
"Bked surfmamptatwe Harry forts haves goir supit,  forming ain but, I cord peed as fuid thf 
Iteration 59000 , text: 
"Nouch trears - moet, I and swoon sithf wnolnoud the's and then wook thate, a doth Dumbirtt - a booke hel, but, More ceribe of his she stalking the shelle, fige, Ham was spoand sarted, saenicore to k 
Iteration 60000 , text: 
"Dhe bord of er, as it but The saire".  The whire't hilf ievell ylidor'ssed, ale sce thand seabed, His ling Hodded. Sbook cousterly on, a gen'ssared ime for muss walve hor, Wearding in sher sfrenou s 
Iteration 61000 , text:  "Sly the e."
Werbacited Ont as ward, ughione grime koone, the sRonts stair wert tous Aidled of was at movene of, yom tonts said Doon," sains of waryred havincair the note staafted udnind is the sarg, 
Iteration 62000 , text:  Weaonof tainly fast ehtae snicsucepent him.  "Ther Crof windy e con thet ofldy the sor Hertupow Blyou lifurrein, "I inlid pereded the Yon maxged fly thomstly thruch the fing gone ole beo sow tevidird 
Iteration 63000 , text:  . I wits noed,  inte tont sortedly we meall Hardy's a sairedery of jucrolyor ating. "I dide" pableckeding!"
The was nime.
"Dumbrooned has sroptin had dibed hidkat one was yaid ifor in hed uthly ogaln 
Iteration 64000 , text:  . wide ghoukr the lookid, the?"
Ro.  Ro hard, Germent to dooll you scomers looghein hear coultes, . ... Weer Kright..
"Okever wowh loobit Simpicoet' saidry an. ..  "Hemed, thethor evile to natherimt  
Iteration 65000 , text:  "Brand a I to gleolit, Latrind'so sork.
"Surst.  He sroagr sedtany to ssumlasten way.
"Artermoun, coud a stark was him.
	Feen you plopente.  Che youl harded ithin, beimtitn was the warry tecly cougie 
Iteration 66000 , text:  .
The thear wiel as the witay to bay him simoy ous vouctes magut hdoreeat, thet ops of up Toured and Helat bratled bick, I furmebsoing on if rilch gepmat ink verisit shrict meeas noen and wermeng lil 
Iteration 67000 , text:  "D aboud one Ir Duduast the pwapoly, fllisat Beare Herraanthat saing had likes herors, nolk.  I I hey I firnoy obhthers Cragoch ounly fon't gobe puirmere him whairsn as'rr/ine mink laze sever rithe,  
Iteration 68000 , text:  	"I a ont in Dax cmout tose steenvyou't pot If in Gretred fing cisWo carobly meake
"I Poces abobere, lonking, Herssutan ap gord; its sintilf hive gone herser a datroutcher ius e tid to dares hald Civ 
Iteration 69000 , text: 
"Iid thousnely anded moagy, wast a to sion, and linct woufirg wim whemingt.."
"Werrors, warry then harreser ent of more gach the boungy why lid the '"I, thay, was had low. "Wight unts the groung.
"Me 
Iteration 70000 , text:  .  Youd, and able gobrettarit he bene the goghed dhat ancull stertonmy as Best Rin the harburded arly, lobklen's Rof onen were.
"Ere feflling of has twart!
Pragges on ach..  Step the wosed bucs.  Har 
Iteration 71000 , text:  Wookriugh ithery, heare an mest sermioy mfos Harread ellly shallis the con's At at thit yof ha courtley," sain danorst ferrire cow Kunk hat it Helriticsingidh as thit?" she'me Harry, they. "
"Harry y 
Iteration 72000 , text:  . ther, fapare have wat herceg forf have he hots cone Thatrils weary!"
Harry an skices Rore aclle ans i tarned the seul.  Harry ilying maglidge, Rolakedirnow thed stroghitcf a hading gowe the tre - h 
Iteration 73000 , text:  . him the than't peach!  The ore waires lothat gookindon. "Pecuppee, badnieked, is..."

Daved, ap e the po and the grorntsoom cnol.. gfanctitwaerounts.... .
"Oule wasser to massived cuing ale wock."  
Iteration 74000 , text:  Hal shut chen' -""
Harry.
Aple.  Harry.  "Wes, and said he heas Harry him stof the tors soenict seobleg as gove Morn't the caring bealaid Ferat on lisege on us, vimk," said aroules wisry. "To the him 
Iteration 75000 , text:  . - senure, you dentery mick fer?"
I'r to thiter murpetebots you the ro-bhed, bodhe bmont wrrery.
Dout the malled. . . . Knike had cristing enther lam somenosmide.  of helltin thit shers peaing they  
Iteration 76000 , text:  ."
The in kneen's fow.  He ryoper.  Be scamy, ening the whem, aobart. "Nus ius steexin to mestwiugh: . . "He lare ttefrieaw in mefry teage it, itle tofagry hem teasardeien Squrores ofle his crit veru 
Iteration 77000 , text: 
"
Awiryyone das sorin.
Noing asked papmancut tare weale on in him of Thee shen' bboun's do! "Loremit spor bletf hive, of Hard sing outly Sucby the lath thend than's gind."
"Y and he wese us the- quis 
Iteration 78000 , text:  ..
"Be. . himevenar arbe. 
"The terdealsed
"Yewimwer hyou
"U wiltisgedorshent," Sigated.
"You rithhel, ored on fol. . ." Frout tow ist it san ffoppindle thion flach had in her toalach stolestumurion  
Iteration 79000 , text: 

"We fimit Dade in Kcrike.  "I dacboned up, ante hating angrejs sot't attat moom.  "Souch, beffping taghus faret, the groff tethink to nending ge her gos tryiding Harry's to minay him.
"Woull Grouch! 
Iteration 80000 , text:  . Withang of heor the doteve'sto!"
"I puntt doidmor am udo lar puck.
"Latl the bore rigly. . . .
Twis - and tofre), ged aald gety gowe eld, os, the gofore wasfurg cawh bens of heiry!" He my and He ei 
Iteration 81000 , text:  . Bantiwing mudded tor bout?"
That looked itn oft crurce.  Bever cese is aumure wuonpe gooke tuppershatPone butition An yavet."
Harry sherming in was thaut theror won wead was trecred the beoul a ans 
Iteration 82000 , text:  . he mis the warring of the hermanly mab? Ese, nambended to Quint Perridof his righell Mirenald vey leruWh to'd moot dor rike in't he had thear mend loobed hid you the ho Nfabone - had stoid wizirs s 
Iteration 83000 , text:  . stPork was sampping his famed fabliter, arl ofwero geapfiin ploo conts use that it afly.
The, by, Flimore. Thought Pructhat wath.  Jnon stomer had and ghe thol, exity lothemathed andore sead and sc 
Iteration 84000 , text:  ."
Sither the w if of to Migan cow Veat Culcat aspentase, and was of to clleat I, whing has chood fow, and roshis jubbely virs in.  "Yes cuwh a aclont.  "I'm coulor treth to wimal, bre, it a said to  
Iteration 85000 , text:  
"Coldes ... Harkire.
Roe iok. . . . .. . . . . . iugh I beow.
"Mrome his foun ither, in Vemelngorgen's rackeks ip one Veot Daght thing litale fictward bung bothing toin toor as edorit endento, then  
Iteration 86000 , text:  Winccin."
"Whin the the whatie -HI goth! He fort print Mrtter the coull edore him.
"We to muy for.  AMt nellous sakn theed Mas Harry retresile indn. . . . . Durgeliy ablintes to for..  Helgridnele wa 
Iteration 87000 , text:   Dule cece?"  fo deatl! Vound arorshat has pood said to dor.
"Gard to the Harrung quith thes feact ondorge's eh, Heldited.  Hay his aldserted suyo oft sarbly.  hat lackoaser lined tute, Made tha ey,  
Iteration 88000 , text:  . hilochor nois towere it digem; yougn."
Thing hermave whatrey arry of talonto Mascaling wying Dumbout buclle in the wad you his ungengife have boddud tad. "But fanely fveast his Pran in care we geam 
Iteration 89000 , text:  . Rose it.
"No igand bokgwaf enell of to wa dotlieded nomt" the his nakedinker Cattere, enfmemineen, strough chat a vowger rimes and just, mudininced, arkititble the rumbAe  is niok
Butiskre?"
My.
"H 
Iteration 90000 , text: ... dI had stott raartloy sitieen dos.  Nanmuon. the ...  not migeth werd, mut a wiscor- gais weyed," saree he mam Walde Crerore boysicand be ut," sey gold alaor.  us turg- nom though qbuit DEmk he ta 
Iteration 91000 , text: . Weas top ev-seransiin cheihttentiggat the dides had learle hind?"
"He wearrenor, an nete the noul alarores uped cor if yo wieers caid and at spercond anderoun tremions a fore ponce pued youse -"
"In 
Iteration 92000 , text:  . Woome tunderfat the dory you the us Heilter, he mationto setonn't as any rersing as ifed as and Mair Helly loshe filine I heales looking ingly asting lade, he srow he saids of ped, whilt agfer Snit 
Iteration 93000 , text: ...  Im!"
"Hemiggetceld spain' - stalded are tikeald. Wair whis, aret ous atemides foporevingord, thu him mang up beth Wersed, and Bopfor a wazl thougn, oughel e juml coe, he aretione oux a baty.  You 
Iteration 94000 , text:  
"Womiled.  Harry no drom pencl his him tyidry wand himly, Pookantlactristeve wie, Vooked a winty hadsten, but Bicass tou recan sher salr loakel rett stretum hime want..her you'lders.
"Not uut they w 
Iteration 95000 , text: 
"Y?"
He widy bestinged outteve arougle, and of bley fitrelon.
He fire was ontly off liente.  "Ain busly light it remumarea probreonky a stould our, ploomainmel Ard fon fut outlly the puly.
Ar wis wil 
Iteration 96000 , text:  .. Grine.
"On thenes a asterpy coumbounca slumblivly maid the having.  Bat smuald at apfoy, Mr the tiocGo thery.
	EAwive sickeEmers.
"He page is of plearmutludd healdley?"
"Went the wass, verricled u 
Iteration 97000 , text: 
"Snemecowilly hey verured.
"He wairs! that Minthe Wonance; Dunmsamise of Mry airs's the trouse, "At vis wald "There soay seeth the med virided Dudgright ligher towny, youk starenay, beMr thituddmroug 
Iteration 98000 , text:   Herr to he'd Rin over cean sopcand Treas be fan't?" ""Mapbmentlivicg, comey, the kyintlis." Tatle on he tod lidmy Dlan!"
"Wus for ganged ha raing of his dirs gook Lar, Augh llead," sinill, shem.. th 
Iteration 99000 , text: 
Weabled and som wees, masley trents. . . . blown. Sherers.
	he knous.  Helly agoild foced upped Mm. Worneads aved thed fion ile and storg flyoment, peatter?  Poor he bean't Thing axfatory, shighit Ck 
Iteration 100000 , text:  W"Yewd thiok to Harring the kealow his's orcles ughed noos the was yind to Gele to his horguce" this of woun ap.
"Dadvire derumempit thas seeding tope shis wook scrors fageed and Ait as the torredery 
Iteration 101000 , text: 
"
Harry soin to self doorely at camol Preake.  Mim earfory nared andm, and boune's thit afifese parryartving enareeverled Rontorry kedorzinnas!" sater pied of to fom eare!
Darts liokeld on fige farob 
Iteration 102000 , text: .."
"Whave?"
The spine lither.
She Miscurged fomor AupoU. . faglist inquremor as uptando - selaw, broke, harry Derions dormently.
"Yetly fing ask to telly.  " stire he calaid," The sald.  Hefess, ook  
Iteration 103000 , text:  Hermeraid saoritices over Pl"aften stise ifes anked ine tthusk, bere she wering haveesle woopssert fegh furens.  Smal he.  "Mare iglan beary, lotien fanteshin thed old?
"Untton deI nety ferourot silr 
Iteration 104000 , text: 
Sobery that at Hakrict that wiss," Lude the Harcont blran scromberingvidgs gong Wookus trolds beass.  A flee Meit Maare.
Sild they withed theed Neemels a thay, Frighit doigres to statent Herese, igho 
Iteration 105000 , text:  .
We seecly ot tunidans and a nafring the extoracher e pearew," said wast a hin ble'ver fish to dorre had entise ckreear, Sleviok nore to than a stardeandingly as bast and bece, Harrice. . . Shind me 
Iteration 106000 , text:  ."
"Hon, you he howen. Whe was whuding to hed forny Baming montionst it root filln daroudac.  Specact the cumeled, the dairlid diltt fildenvat thismuting Gricwee, nos you who her, you it the nouch Du 
Iteration 107000 , text:  .
Coom seam. Halrioned cerm.
Ceraid the mided a cocethissoned had dermorilace, Dumunts frot  fare soll hear's charentpets.  we magangione akn in thear sourlalle nemy scampions and Dchere hadnise in," 
Iteration 108000 , text: ."
Ohe Mag the Glike and Trol.  "Sibloup Ron paad, Ron livihowny the at xished ward celh deabsed buting ists - ablent pacch to dest fer nnoreat borned to thO gro ishing havedgly to abomeived and Jlap- 
Iteration 109000 , text:  . to dibll of sar . .. Cheirsaid to ghew he it ighched I whacrous copeches Che houts herry, the towevere stredurine glount up a kame flees?"  I Harry over - sarte; you rist, I daale's of uden'llhed j 
Iteration 110000 , text:  . ...
"Hdrew.
"Then was tos blooked conds a proting the frrack?"
"Harrame, dningarross bron cow cuirin.  It nasc" druover ink he boout nibuurge.
Harry wer werled itie hadnter yent seted therserling,  
Iteration 111000 , text: 
"Y-eding a dontar a wert, wearlay nent, this of? Mr pively risker.
Enow to magled head cerry.
Heougne a cone sul he?" sertane. That hill mupine whe hangougEt me to gege." houxing-ed badlid."
"Dorkyin 
Iteration 112000 , text:  De!Nning the wasking mut was behemetand hir; teagtion, hand beew wildrine his had iup acowk."
Herminlmer werter," seit uch weor dairind ase goaging, Mrounker be the sow have gigat the wainy oven hen  
Iteration 113000 , text:  . the pory, his we sto forbichioned you sher the gratter," said bemornf hick trout qulry! Weasly youghed quire's sinnatct. But I'w his mothing I't as hime fase a lotions Rid pame- Catly infw, if," Ha 
Iteration 114000 , text:  . paist the had Durted iks hoverut to hed feem are towwy dons; the prione what Dulvang wink of the cantring exit the Bast thing awe to com Culling tre  ow?"  Saring Ron.
"Do -" said, long loiming a l 
Iteration 115000 , text: 
"shed a cursitod Dlain Herssor. "Pom Ron moboct it youghineine lath, Harry wently strie whant erthifidabhing up suvid's loting zoody at illed of hass youll starsicing in knosssly up."
Briggle carry't 
Iteration 116000 , text:  . Here, Pave, the staiks saineding frume. .  the could gap. 
I'layd as meat.  Hew havich and fild.  Harry be coltibung feryed very, envarecore the ryokerou noy shos can thy doolan saw it in seeth. .  
Iteration 117000 , text:  S" bids hoof egto's thesly, is lool bboassores had coment.
"Same llobeed outed hawk the bupe, Fudly.  Awdo to the ont sor, soakn imaquives bomit was a mith blime asalant."
"Lukedy or yormeyse her of  
Iteration 118000 , text: .
"A whay cardr's i thinpeter.
"Loth an loops to decayt soised tseaptertet that chas me Licle.
"Conto Cretume cagtthered turk and this nating.
"He to facht wen that hem as and his, int-then and reand  
Iteration 119000 , text:  ." weurd tho drouw sumst lermeldidy of dicihione toull, all beent to Harry's poupbilked."
Butred the winte, chemus and has withan, but twarn teracked arned call, frap up head youlf a nopny.  Thes, we 
Iteration 120000 , text:  
Nock of the has clistich and styrobling monch ustiggry whould.  "Hery'd the oo watl and it init of the gent the goid mbouser a thes mithing to dore pot hy Snangy,"
"He mastione it and but bemchen!"  
Iteration 121000 , text:  .Ter; Freap mach Ron he sarentefowy coes but Berkinty out bea had ble the hlind to ratved oe thewer agheadry towwhed."  Beaged in overys'"  Are the fourling to wit at ourper thewking exma them that n 
Iteration 122000 , text:  ." He rot cboucled witterecking staintG be the learry, Harry'tbaw.  It scan waid in I had nettcont it voutisn un't ist, yen his the rpofefet ther-King," sorain, mut, hadry reaby.!" .  "Wille thes, sp 
Iteration 123000 , text: 
It.  "It cape all the alk; in che out a lable woule to was uchang leat they chout with!"
"I's mtaghts a plangs dofinit dived to bang and Lurch jometed in friu dook.  Whind his whoudy look waid fron a 
Iteration 124000 , text: 
"Then thet ak?"
It in.
Baining the spaire ibreamestich with tro osss dreef extelf.  Rom werepher wGortly.. but or knom be the be fors. 

Wuth, es himaeding of in have this as.  Paping stHeocetious um 
Iteration 125000 , text: ...  he meearry whist ithellanioved pent yalr how got seinny mosurry the half to that!"  Pong oneverst neatly Arch stivingy tlised onsepend os evs." -" said Mey, athird at shond.
"The, rike ableante.  
Iteration 126000 , text:  "
Dumbuon af tryong silens at a theiths linice bask, they thise ut the cored rinded Diggowber cone- prevery Mr." he oley of af I the I's migiraid.. Bast a talk. he dopppone his kitter the youlk it a  
Iteration 127000 , text:  T"I angy flappent newh a leartime his cartringe wow stace him distle the enose, whermuclow cwead was Harry pofiotard aldenked himesse qutour ale toovertre-mion Wast ping a wa ducwe.
"Ey maded hirsoub 
Iteration 128000 , text:  ."
Kire," sied momed all wear over?"
Ars, thind, and his oncle, and chut thide of my waalfs theay sillund his hem the back.
The drike whive,ly, thas rothird eacas belted them.  He was no ."
Hes you r 
Iteration 129000 , text:  . -"
Hards'rawine, and the sail he was comion, not fole mest his spofem strayered and and thin flleat him, Harr was, now they gecn fro- terut itomed on chemif the car the midcp.. . .' he'd aind?
Bbes 
Iteration 130000 , text:   Pask. Damorn atley a ream ..."
Vourtis. WAas alous fordndobore -"
It Dudy fpok no kad, ine an then wand was at Cluck, -" shat one dor licter.  he clotenched bearstly was myid wat his fowe nonll mom  
Iteration 131000 , text:  .. .
"Misted armyer as, what Wourin supiz; coalr. "Wring hit houghed of and hit gooby of ik.  Morked it ops watessing Duclewarg seaclevenanit absamess.  "Nail poiled lall yound doup perisnionadry, sa 
Iteration 132000 , text:  
"No goard a was and said the sewh Drember nourred has out restict her the rumbrors we very to tawidster derted woedey Dussed you lilled her limly deed apmboughing int has dighe foun the aikser to ma 
Lowest loss: 47.08234455425141 
Final:  . . pe in his exared som with Ere shoull the was ton Toten wase daid dobica-ed wanked that and I the CHeptenting, arondiwhel the far in on over was Mive."
Thathed derpeked vidd sewh peat.
"Mr.  Harry as have the stcreans?"
"Was the said said surion the Treat but and other.  "You on mened staresilding him ouls of of oull, appers the jagmimest thicter Donetured Misturius lelving he whot gid nin, Rot shorpur."
He Harked the andncol.
"Com tived stime to . heirganned still said hiude hald the the ealat entof and Ron they upther us cohend om midhe, was a srile. "
An, fase pare ascombain tcasts.. alis and that't on sar of thel oblint it trear -
"On's seen's ofted Karam into whis Byown, was he heak eped the thwere, aroutaws, in im hes nook sbeeciinll able's mist.  Hise, doly."
Mating ehen was totcocls woct of cimuttos, what Gef ed bper, mamstalghald of Crimpiped I dabbold."
Woul, hank, iut he fom, ryech, priper Dumbestan.  AMr to the sefters. The sien a past, have wand yould ot wisnts, sot ch 
